hey everyone its Brittany and today I'm
going to show you my evil side this is
how I get made up to bring down the
forces of good throughout the universe
I've already perfected my face using
nixes foundation and powder using nixes
Kohl Kajal black liner I'm outlining a
cat eye shape up to my upper lids using
a black gel liner and an all-purpose
brush I'm filling in my upper eyelids
taking a dark blue shimmery eyeshadow
from my wicked dreams eyeshadow palette
I'm going to pack that onto the inner
and outer corners of my eyes to give a
galaxy effect taking a knicks roll on
shimmer i'm going to apply that to the
center of my lids I chose this color
because it reminds me of the Stars and
then I'm going to blend that out with my
finger using my NYX jumbo eye pencil and
the color milk I'm applying that
underneath my eyes and blending that
into my lash line now using a
retractable eyeliner in the color white
I'm going to line my waterline taking
another role on shimmer and the color
light blue I'm going to apply that right
over top of the white taking the same
jumbo eye pencil in the color milk I'm
going to block out my eyebrows
to give them a little bit more
definition I will line the outer parts
of my eyebrows using the same
retractable eyeliner and white next
taking a knicks ultra pearl mania loose
powder i'm going to apply that right
onto my brow bone taking a brown shadow
from the wicked dreams palette i'm going
to apply some right into the top corner
of my eye socket to give a little bit
more definition next I'm going to curl
my eyelashes using my next eyelash
curler
I'm going to apply one coat of Nyx's
propel my eyes mascara before applying
false lashes
next I'm going to apply nixa superhero
eyelashes but I wish I could change the
name
using my jumbo eye pencil and the color
pots and pans I'm going to apply that to
the sides of my face and blend that out
with my fingers using another roll on I
shimmer and the color platinum I'm
applying that right over top of where i
put the jumbo eye pencil I'm going to
blend that out with an eyeshadow brush
I'm now going to contour my cheeks using
nexus highlight and contour palette
to make this look out of this world I'm
going to draw three lines on the side of
my face using blam aqualux liner and the
color glam black I'm going to add some
blue dots to the design using the same
liner in the color glam as you're just
like alien freckles to complete this
intergalactic look I'm using nixes
retractable lip liner and the color
black lips and I'm lining and filling in
my lips
you
I want my lips to resemble the universe
so I'm going to use nixes cream
eyeshadow and the color deep blue on the
center of my lips and blend that out
with my fingers
because this particular villain loves
gold I'm going to be using nixes glam
gloss aqualux lip gloss and the color
disco playground that is it for this
intergalactic villain look I hope you
fellow villains decide to try this look
out and join me on my quest take over
the universe you can help me out by
voting at NYX face awards com starting
june twenty first 2 jun 24 i have some
planets to take over now so i'll see you
next time